okay so in the middle of the summer we
started to see leaks and rumors of a
triple camera system on the upcoming
iPad pro I remember thinking like okay
sure
I guess and then one showed up in the
studio this is like a dummy model of a
triple camera system on the upcoming
iPad pro this is like a piece of plastic
and you know it's plastic on the front
as well but it's got this triple camera
system and I've been looking at this
thing and just wondering there's got to
be more than this right like when this
iPad launches there has to be more to
this product than just a triple camera
system because no one is going to be
buying a new iPad pro when the
headlining feature is just hey we have
three lenses on the iPad pro right so
it's got to be more to it and I thought
what else could it be
I think it's gonna be the display and
it's weird that there hasn't been a lot
of rumors and talk about what kind of
display that they're gonna be running on
the new iPads I think it's gonna be an
OLED display so the existing iPad pro
already has a great looking screen they
call it a liquid Retina screen which is
the same moniker as the ones on the
iPhone 11 and 10 are from last year it's
just in reference to the liquid crystal
display but the iPad pro has a much
better looking image than the iPhone 10
R or the iPhone 11 it's not just the 120
Hertz promotion everything about this
display is better than those phones but
to make Apple's new pro lineup match
nicely I think they're going with an
OLED panel on the upcoming iPad pro and
they're still gonna have a hundred
twenty Hertz promotion and they're
probably use that XDR moniker so like
the super Retina xtr pro max s display
but regardless of what they named it an
OLED display on the iPad pro would be a
significant upgrade you get better
colors better contrast ratios and better
blacks like even though the existing
liquid ratner screens have pretty good
blacks they're not black black like an
OLED display would do it and another
thing that's not talked about very often
with these existing iPad pros even the
new ones the 2018 ones they don't have a
good response time like even though they
have a very fast refresh rate of 120
Hertz when you look at the response time
on these displays they're actually quite
high they're like
35 36 milliseconds so you do see some
ghosting on these screens if you look
for it and you compare them to other IPS
panels this does have a relatively slow
response time and OLED panel would be
able to drop that down significantly
like there's some OLED panels out there
they're like under one millisecond
response time so when it comes to people
that are using their pencil on these
screens it's gonna feel super responsive
on an OLED display and that I think is
gonna be the main headlining feature the
display not the triple camera system
like apples not dumb they're not gonna
try to sell people this like minor
upgrade on the new iPad pro there's no
way people are gonna buy that they would
buy this though like a new display
faster response time better like colors
contrast everything that's a sellable
product so that's I believe the new iPad
pro now is for when it's gonna come out
I believe they're supposed to be like a
rumor of an event in late October and
there's supposed to be a rumored 16 inch
MacBook Pro which I would also believe
would also have an OLED display so that
every single pro product that Apple has
would therefore have a pro OLED display
so you'd have the iPhone pro the pro
Display xgr with $1000 stand and iPad
pro and a MacBook Pro all super
expensive I'm sure but they'd all be
rockin OLED xtr displays and that makes
sense me that's the only way that I can
see this triple camera system iPad pro
actually selling okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs are you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]